#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "times" "default"
\font_sans "helvet" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family sfdefault
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 11
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1cm
\rightmargin 1cm
\bottommargin 2cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
The main concerns of the reviewer were from the lack of clarity in the methods
 that concern the reconstruction of neurons.
 Secondly, the reviewer also wondered about the ability to classify the
 synapses in this dataset based on techniques that are used for mammalian
 tissue.
 Some of the questions posed by the reviewers could not be assessed since
 this involved large amount of reconstructions.
 In short we have addressed the reviewers concerns and have made efforts
 to clarify the text to make the reconstruction methods lucid.
 We have also carried out additional analyses to attempt to classify the
 synapses based on conventions used for mammalian tissue.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate

\family sans
\emph on
Given the numerous postsynaptic input sites that were identified on the
 different morphological types, I was anticipating the authors would then
 proceed to reconstruct the presynaptic neurites.
 They did not.
 This was disappointing because I think a lot could be learned from such
 an effort.
 Such as: identification of additional putative integrator neurons that
 were not revealed by calcium imaging, identification of descending axons
 that presumable carry velocity information, an analysis of what fraction
 of inputs originate from different input types, etc..
 Again, I understand the limitations of the volume size, but some additional
 effort to gain more insight about the actual circuit connectivity within
 the integrator circuit would significantly strengthen the manuscript.
 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\family sans
As we had indicated previously in our plan of action, the reviewer requested
 for anatomical reconstruction of all cell that were both Pre and Postsynaptic
 to the 22 integrator cells that were reconstructed in this study.
 This is approximately 3000 cells that would need to be reconstructed.
 This represents a 100X expansion of the current study.
 This is therefore outside the scope of this publication.
 Moreover integrator neurons cannot be identified by anatomy alone, and
 all physiologically identified integrator neurons in this study have been
 reconstructed.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\family sans
\emph on
Following on this point, the identification of just 6 synapses between the
 22 cells is a very low number.
 It begs for the not analyzed presynaptic cells to be traced and analyzed
 to the extent possible.
 Is there a theoretical prediction of the degree of connectivity needed
 to support positive feedback in the integrator circuit?
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\family sans
Like the above question, this question could only be answered by the detailed
 reconstruction of all cells that are synaptically connected to the 22 identifie
d cells.
 As was discussed in the plan of action, this is also out of the scope of
 this publication.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\family sans
\emph on
The authors found no substantial correlation between time constants and
 the variables they examined.
 Did they correlate time constants with synapse numbers/densities for each
 cell? Again, some idea of the fraction of synapses driven by descending
 inputs versus intra-hindbrain inputs would be interesting.
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\family sans
The reviewer has requested for the correlation of time constants to synapse
 numbers and densities.
 We have calculated and reported these correlation in the supplementary
 figures ( Sup.
 Fig.
 1B) along with the other variables that were previously reported.
 Both these analyses did not reveal a statistically significant difference
 in the .
 This is likely due to the small sample size of this study.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate

\family sans
The second part of this question requests to compute the fraction of inputs
 onto the integrator neurons form other neurons within the hindbrain to
 outside the hindbrain.
 We agree with the reviewer that the results would be very interesting.
 However, to do this we would have to reconstruct all the neurons that are
 presynaptic to the integrator neurons.
 As we have mentioned previously, this is out of the scope of this publication.
 
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\family sans
\emph on
The description of the tracing methodology is not sufficient to assess reliabili
ty.
 At a minimum the authors should expand on what the second round of tracing
 actually entailed and what exactly 'multiple coverage' means.
 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
In the first round of tracing, we used the software package TrakEM2 to create
 skeleton representations of neurons.
 Most tracings were made by the first author (A.V.), and difficult locations
 were decided by consensus of E.A.
 and A.V.
 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Standard
The second round created 3D reconstructions of neurons, using semiautomated
 methods and help from tracers who were not authors.
 Each cell was reconstructed by one tracer, reviewed and corrected by another
 tracer, and reviewed and corrected by the first author (A.V.).
 This process did catch two significant errors that slipped by the first
 round of tracing (one underreconstructed axon and one overreconstructed
 dendrite).
 Other errors were minor in terms of the neurite length involved.
 We have now revised the text in the methods to make this process more clear
 (lines 569).
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Subjectively, we were more confident after the second round of tracing because
 the real-time feedback from 3D reconstructions enables shape-based recognition
 of suspicious locations, which can then be checked for errors.
  For example, one can easily spot a sudden change in neurite thickness,
 which suggests a merge error.
 This is easy with 3D reconstructions but not with skeletons.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\family sans
\emph on
Did the authors find 45 nm section thickness to be sufficient to unambiguously
 trace all neurites? If so, they should explicitly state this because it
 would serve as a useful data point for the field.
 If not, the authors should quantify the prevalence of tracing ambiguities.
 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Indeed the reconstruction can be difficult if the neurite is parallel to
 the sectioning plane, and especially thin.
 Such locations are usually disambiguated by dense reconstruction of all
 adjacent neurites, which reveals the correct answer by a process of elimination.
 (This technique was used to correct the two significant errors uncovered
 by the second round of tracing.) Tracing intracellular organelles can also
 aid disambiguation of neurite reconstruction.
 We have highlighted such techniques in the revised methods section (line
 580).
 After such techniques are applied, the end result is that every cell has
 at most one or two truly ambiguous locations.
 The ambiguity might be caused by a thin neurite parallel to the sectioning
 plane, or deteriorated ultrastructure (due to electroporation, poor fixation,
 or possibly developmental pruning of axons).
 In truly ambiguous locations, we err on the side of undertracing.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\family sans
\emph on
Is there evidence that excitatory versus inhibitory synapses are ultrastructural
ly distinct in fish as is the claim in mammalian tissues (i.e.
 symmetric vs.
 asymmetric synapses)? Given the inference of transmitter type based on
 soma position, the authors could presumably at least look for differences
 that could help corroborate transmitter types.
 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
For an asymmetric synapse, the postsynaptic density (PSD) should be darker
 and extend farther into the postsynaptic cell.
 By eye, we were unable to distinguish between asymmetric and symmetric
 synapses.
 For a more objective method, we quantified image intensity near synaptic
 clefts.
 There was no evidence of a bimodal distribution in the darkness/thickness
 of the synaptic density.
 Furthermore the synaptic density did not extend asymmetrically into the
 postsynaptic cell.
 In fact, we saw evidence of a presynaptic density (Supplementary Fig.
 2E), suggesting that the mammalian notion of an asymmetric synapse is not
 applicable here.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
For a symmetric synapse, the vesicles should be more flat.
 We found a few flat vesicles, but no synapses at which many vesicles were
 flat.
 We did see synapses at which there were many large dense core vesicles,
 as reported in the main text.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
We have reported these finding in the main text (line 114) and supporting
 analysis in supplementary figure 2E.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\end_body
\end_document
