#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass extletter
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{helvet}
\renewcommand{\familydefault}{\sfdefault}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "helvet" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family rmdefault
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 11
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1cm
\rightmargin 1cm
\bottommargin 1cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
We thank the reviewers for their comments have tried best to explain their
 concerns.
 Although, one of the reviewers had noted that the results that we have
 presented were incomplete and would be of interest to a specialist, we
 think that our approach in this study will have a wide appeal to the broader
 neuroscience community.
 Indeed, reviewer#1 though that our study 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

 shows, beautifully, how one can go from neuronal function in an intact
 zebrafish larva to detailed structure and connectivity in the brain''.
 It is for precisely this reason that we feel this study will be useful
 for the broader neuroscience community.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In order to address the concerns of the reviewers we have carefull gone
 over the results and answered their concerns inline.
 To do this, we re-traced all 22 neurons in this study, using a more accurate
 semi-automated reconstruction method similar to the `eyewire' platform
 pioneered by our lab.
 This approach has in the past proven to be extremely accurate.
 This process revealed that 1 of the axons of the 22 cells was previously
 under-reconstructed.
 Similarly, another axon was from a different cell was over-reconstructed.
 The remaining, vast majority 20/22 cells remained the same.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The extension of this single axons, changed some of the anatomical facts
 of the neuron, like lengths, size etc, but not the overall claims of the
 study.
 It revealed new synaptic partners to the network of cells, increasing the
 number from previously reported synapses from 4 to 6.
 The removal of the previously over-reconstructed branch resulted in the
 reclassification of one cell from the `ipsi-contra' group to the `contra-only'
 group.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We believe these minor corrections have not changed the overall claims of
 the paper, but instead changes some of the details like lenght of neurite,
 number of synapses etc.
 All figures have been updated accordingly and the comments of the reviewers
 are answered in line.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\bar under
\lang american
Reviewer #1: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We thank the reviewer for their comments and have tried to address all the
 concerns that were raised.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate

\emph on
\lang american
Page 3: line below… the EM was not done in a behaving fish We combined two-photo
n calcium imaging and serial electron microscopy in a behaving fish to identify.
 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\lang american
In this sentence we used the word `behavior' in the context that the functional
 recording were perfromed in an immobilized fish, which was free to move
 its eyes.
 To prevent this confusion, we have removed the word behaving.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\emph on
\lang american
Page 4 line below is worded wrong… just read it to see.
 , where as for neurons with small dendritic arbors were completely reconstructe
d and did not have any dendrites that exited the imaged volume.
 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
We have now corrected this sentence.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\emph on
\lang american
page 5… wording issue again copied below.
 Both neurons contained another neurite crossed the midline.
 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
We have corrected this sentence.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\emph on
\lang american
Page 6…This process not processes This processes revealed that the distribution
 of the presynaptic sites along the axons among the two groups ('ipsi-only'
 and 'ipsi-contra') were not different (p = 0.
 01, kstest).
 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
We have corrected this sentence.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\emph on
\lang american
get rid of the second "group of" in this sentence on page 7 The second major
 group of neurons that we reconstructed were the eight caudally located,
 contralaterally projecting group of neurons.
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\lang american
We have corrected this sentence.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Standard

\bar under
\lang american
Reviewer #2:
\bar default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang american
We thank the reviewer for their comments.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang american
Major points 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate

\emph on
\lang american
Registration of EM-LM volumes (Fig.
 1C): How do the authors assess that the functionally imaged cells are successfu
lly re-identified in the EM volume? Fig.1C shows the correspondence between
 LM and EM images, but it would be more convincing if they showed an example
 plane where the functional calcium imaging was performed and integrator
 neurons were identified (as in Fig 1A).
 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\lang american
We thank the reviewer for the comments.
 We agree with the reviewers comments that it will be more convincing if
 we were able to show an example plane where the functional imaging was
 performed and its corresponding EM plane.
 In order to do that, the orientation of the animal during functional imaging
 and during subsequent EM sectioning should be exactly the same.
 This however is not the case, and it very hard to achieve.
 Instead, we digitally transformed the functionally imaged planes onto the
 EM volume using landmarks.
 To address the reviewers comments, we have shown parts, but not the entire
 plane, of the functionally imaged areas and their corresponding EM planes
 as supplementary figure (Sup.
 Fig.
 1C).
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\emph on
\lang american
What is missing throughout the paper is the comparison with integrator property
 and their ultrastructural morphologies.
 They have measured time constants of the integrator neurons, but these
 metrics are not correlated with morphology.
 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\lang american
The reviewer has a very great point here.
 These time contacts were computed with the purpose to correlating them
 to the morphologies.
 In Sup.
 Fig 1, we show some of properties of time constant of the cells as a function
 of spatial location, somata size.
 Performing statistical analysis of the these time constants based on their
 assigned morphological group, did not reveal any significant trends.
 We have added an extra panel to Sup.
 Fig1D (box plot of time constants), to show that there are no discernible
 trends.
 We suspect this is due to the small sample size of functionally identified
 cells in this study.
 Any such correspondence of these properties would require a significantly
 larger volume, which is not the scope of this study.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\emph on
\lang american
The authors infer the neurotransmitter identity of integrator neurons based
 on soma position and the pattern of neurotransmitter markers that another
 group has shown.
 This assumption underlies one of the strongest conclusions of the paper.
 However, the correspondence of the stripes shown here with the neurotransmitter
 stripes shown previously is highly speculative.
 They define soma stripes as peaks (termed S1-3, Fig.
 1D) of cell bodies that are projected along the dorso-ventral axis in this
 volume, whereas Kinkhabwala et al.
 (2011) defined stripe organization using transcription factors and neurotransmi
tter-specific transgenic lines.
 For example, the authors state that "the medial most stripe S1 aligns with
 a group of neurons that express the alx transcription factor and are most
 often glutamatergic".
 However, S1 is also close to another, engrailed-1 positive stripe, which
 contains neurons with different properties.
 Also, previous studies reported glycinergic neurons in the hindbrain, but
 the authors do not discuss this possibility.
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\lang american
As the reviewer noted, the 
\emph on
engrailed-1
\emph default
 stripe which contains glycinergic neurons is very close to the 
\emph on
alx
\emph default
 stripe and that neurons in each of these stripes have different properties.
 In our study, all the cells that were imaged below the plane of the Mauthner
 axon (MA).
 In a previous study by (Lee MM et.al., 2015) a detailed analysis of the neurotran
smitter identity of integrator neurons was performed and we have listed
 some of the key points
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\lang american
Immunofluorescence imaging in transgenic fish that express reporters for
 both glutamate and glycine show that below the plane of the MA, there are
 very few glycine positive neurons.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate

\lang american
Of the 273 functionally imaged cells, it was found that only 2% of all integrato
r neurons were glycinergic.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate

\lang american
lastly, many of cells that were neither glutamatergic nor glycinergic were
 in fact found to be GABAergic.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Standard

\lang american
For these reasons, we feel confident that the cells that were imaged here
 would not have contained potential integrator neurons, that are glycinergic
 and expressing the 
\emph on
engrailed-1
\emph default
 transcription factor.
 We have reflected some of the above ideas in the main text as well.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\emph on
\lang american
The abducens motor nucleus is the target of integrator neurons in goldfish
 and zebrafish.
 Fig.
 S3 shows that axons of some integrator neurons project near the abducens
 nerve, but the authors do not show that the axons make direct synapses
 with abducens neurons.
 This is a missed opportunity.
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\lang american
As the reviewer has noted, the abducens motor nucleus is the target of integrato
r neurons.
 In the text we had mentioned that only 2 of the 6 axons from ipsilaterally
 projecting integrator neurons projected close to the abducens.
 Although there are direct synapses made onto other neurons in that area,
 to determine if the postsynaptic target neurons were indeed abducens neurons,
 we would have to trace the entire cell.
 These synapses are at the ventral most extent of the imaged volume, and
 we feel that most, if not all the neurites of these potential abducens
 neurons will be incomplete.
 This would make is impossible to determine if these neurons were indeed
 abducens neurons.
 Thus, although we would have like to have this information, it is not in
 the scope of the imaged data of the study.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Standard

\lang american
Minor points: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate

\lang american
In the Discussion (third paragraph on page 7), the authors discuss that
 the most laterally located group of neurons in S3, which they speculate
 to be glutamatergic, have been shown in the previous study by Kinkhabwala
 et al.
 to have both ipsilateral and contralateral projections.
 However, such data are not shown in the Kinkhabwala et al.
 paper.
 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\lang american
The reviewer correctly pointed to a mistake in discussion that was made
 by the authors.
 In Kinkhabwala et.
 al.
 the lateral most class of cells corresponds with the 
\emph on
Barhl2
\emph default
 stripe of glutamatergic cells.
 The morphology of these cells, their axonal projections are yet to be determine
d.
 We have corrected the text to reflect the intended interpretation.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\lang american
In Fig S2B, the caption states "tight junctions" but the main text mentions
 "gap junctions"? 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\lang american
This has not been corrected.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\lang american
The format of the current manuscript does not seem to conform to the guidelines
 of Current Biology.
 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Once accepted, we can make a decision to reduce the word limit.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\lang american
The manuscript needs to be edited extensively for typos and grammatical
 errors (e.
 g., singular/plural of cilium: "We also observed a primary cilia on all
 22 integrator neurons that were reconstructed.
 Primary cilium are know to be present in most, if not all mammalian cells.")
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\lang american
These issues have been corrected.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\end_body
\end_document
