{\rtf1\ansi\deff6\deflang1024
{\fonttbl{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f4\fnil\fcharset204 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f5\fnil\fcharset204 Times;}
{\f6\fnil\fcharset204 Helvetica;}
{\f7\fnil\fcharset204 Helvetica;}
{\f8\fnil\fcharset204 Courier;}
{\f9\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset0 MT Extra;}
{\f11\fnil\fcharset238 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f12\fnil\fcharset238 Times;}
{\f13\fnil\fcharset238 Helvetica;}
{\f14\fnil\fcharset238 Helvetica;}
{\f15\fnil\fcharset238 Courier;}
{\f16\fnil\fcharset0 Times;}
{\f17\fnil\fcharset0 Book Antiqua;}
{\f18\fnil\fcharset0 Bookman Old Style;}
{\f19\fnil\fcharset0 Century Gothic;}
{\f20\fnil\fcharset0 New Century Schoolbook;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\f22\fnil\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\f23\fnil\fcharset0 Courier;}
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
}
{\stylesheet
{\s0\fs20\snext0 Normal;}
{\s2\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s2\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs40\li0 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs24\li2048 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}
{\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32\li512 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}
{\s7\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs24\li2560 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}
{\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32\li1024 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}
{\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs24\li1536 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}
{\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}
{\s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 part;}
{\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}
{\s7\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}
{\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}
{\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}
}
\paperw12280\paperh15900\margl2680\margr2700\margt2540\margb1760\pgnstart0\widowctrl\qj\ftnbj\aftnnar
{
\par\pard\qc {\fs30 \qc\fi300 Electron microscopic reconstruction of functionally identified cells in a neural integrator.}
\par\qc {\fs24 Ashwin Vishwanathan,{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}}{\fldrslt }}}{\up19 2}
{\*\footnote \pard\plain\s246\f6\fs20 {\up19 2}Corresponding author}
   {{}}Kayvon Daie,{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\\s\\up6({\fs20 3})}}}{\fldrslt }}} Alexandro D. Ramirez,{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\\s\\up6({\fs20 3})}}}{\fldrslt }}}\par
\qc\fi0 Jeff W Lichtman, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\\s\\up6({\fs20 4})}}}{\fldrslt }}} Emre R.F. Aksay,{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\\s\\up6({\fs20 3})}}}{\fldrslt }}} and H. Sebastian Seung{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\\s\\up6({\fs20 1\\,2})}}}{\fldrslt }}}{\up19 3}
{\*\footnote \pard\plain\s246\f6\fs20 {\up19 3}Corresponding author}
 \par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}}{\fldrslt }}}Neuroscience Institute and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})}}}{\fldrslt }}}Computer Science Department\par
\qc\fi0 Princeton University, Princeton, NJ 08544.\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\\s\\up6({\fs20 3})}}}{\fldrslt }}}Institute for Computational Biomedicine and\par
\qc\fi0 Department of Physiology and Biophysics, \par
\qc\fi0 Weill Cornell Medical College, New York, NY 10021.\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\\s\\up6({\fs20 4})}}}{\fldrslt }}}Department of Molecular and Cellular Biology and Center for Brain Science,\par
\qc\fi0 Harvard University, Cambridge, MA 02138.}
\par\qc {\fs24 }\par
{\qj\fi0 \qc{\b Abstract}\par
\qj\li1024\ri1024\fi300 Neural integrators are involved in a variety of sensorimotor and cognitive behaviors. The oculomotor system contains a simple example, a hindbrain neural circuit that takes velocity signals as inputs, and temporally integrates them to control eye position. Here we investigated the structural underpinnings of temporal integration in the larval zebrafish by first identifying integrator neurons using two-photon calcium imaging and then reconstructing the same neurons through serial electron microscopic analysis. Integrator neurons were identified as those neurons with activities highly correlated with eye position during spontaneous eye movements. Three morphological classes of neurons were observed: ipsilaterally projecting neurons located medially, contralaterally projecting neurons located more laterally, and a population at the extreme lateral edge of the hindbrain for which we were not able to identify axons. Based on their somatic locations, we inferred that neurons with only ipsilaterally projecting axons are glutamatergic, whereas neurons with only contralaterally projecting axons are largely GABAergic. Dendritic and synaptic organization of the ipsilaterally projecting neurons suggest a broad sampling from inputs on the ipsilateral side. We also observed the first conclusive evidence of synapses between integrator neurons, which have long been hypothesized by recurrent network models of integration via positive feedback. \par
}\qj\sb240 \fi0 {\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32 Introduction\par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 Combining two-photon calcium imaging with serial electron microscopy (EM) is an emerging approach for studying the structure and function of neural circuits at cellular resolution. In the mouse retina 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Briggman_2011ct \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1}}}
] and primary visual cortex 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Bock_2011fk \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Lee_2016ti \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3}}}
], this approach has been used to study the structure and function of visual neurons. Here we apply this approach to a population of neurons defined by their encoding of behavioral variables, rather than stimulus variables. Namely, we focus on neurons that carry a horizontal eye position signals that are located in a hindbrain neural circuit known as the "{}horizontal velocity-to-position neural integrator,"{} or "{}neural integrator"{} for short 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Major_2004dk \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{4}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Joshua_2015kx \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{5}}}
]. Our study is done in the larval zebrafish, which has emerged as an important model organism for investigating the relation between neural circuits and behavior 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Friedrich_2010hj \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{6}}}
].\par
\qj\fi300 The neural integrator gets its name because the transformation of eye velocity into eye position is the computational operation of integration with respect to time. Integrator neurons carry a horizontal eye position signal in their spiking during fixations, and lesion or inactivation of these cells lead to pronounced deficits in the ability to maintain gaze fixation 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Cannon_1987gp \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{7}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Cheron_1987cm \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{8}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Aksay_2007cv \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{9}}}
]. Integrator neurons are thought to send their eye position signals to extraocular motor neurons through monosynaptic and polysynaptic pathways 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Baker_1977tq \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{10}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Baker_1977wt \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{11}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_McCrea_1979epa \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{12}}}
]. They are also thought to receive inputs from multiple convergent pathways that encode eye velocity for every type of eye movement 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Kaneko_1999vi \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{13}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_McFarland_1992tm \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{14}}}
]. Therefore, the neural integrator is the \ldblquote final common pathway\rdblquote  for all types of eye movements in fish 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Pastor_1994tx \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{15}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Aksay_2000cn \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{16}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Aksay_2001fx \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{17}}}
], rodents 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_vanAlphen_2001vc \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{18}}}
], non-human primates 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Robinson_1989wt \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{19}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_robinson_oculomotor_1970 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{20}}}
], and humans 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Leigh_2015ts \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{21}}}
]. \par
\qj\fi300 Most investigations of the structural underpinnings of neural integration in the oculomotor system have relied on combining single-neuron electrophysiology with light-microscopic dye fills. Intracellular recordings in goldfish hindbrain neurons that exhibited spiking correlated to eye position, followed by anatomical dye fills, show the axons of these neurons send collaterals to areas where other integrator neurons were observed 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Aksay_2000cn \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{16}}}
]. Similar anatomical observations have been observed in cats 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_McCrea_1985hx \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{22}}}
] and nonhuman primates 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Steiger_1979ev \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{23}}}
]. These observations have shaped theoretical models to propose that integration can be supported by positive feedback between these neurons 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Kamath_1976jm \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{24}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_seung_how_1996 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{25}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Seung_2000kl \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{26}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_fisher_modeling_2013 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{27}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_goncalves_optogenetic_2014 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{28}}}
]. More recently, calcium imaging approaches using two-photon microscopy to identify many integrator neurons have been coupled with sparse, targeted single neuron electroporation of fluorescent indicators for anatomical reconstruction 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Lee_2015dv \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{29}}}
]. All these studies have delineated the arborization and projection patterns of integrator neurons, but were limited to one or a few neurons in any individual brain and do not reveal locations and the distributions of their input and output synapses. Furthermore, although the axonal projections could indicate the presence of synapses onto dendrites of other integrator neurons, conclusive evidence has been lacking. \par
\qj\fi300 We combined two-photon calcium imaging and serial electron microscopy to determine both function and structure of neurons throughout the oculomotor neural integrator. We found evidence for multiple classes of neurons within the integrator population based on differences in dendritic arborization, axonal projections and synaptic distributions. These included neurons at medial locations with ipsilaterally projecting axons that were inferred to be excitatory, and neurons at more lateral locations with contralaterally projecting axons that were inferred to be inhibitory. Furthermore, we identified the locations of all chemical synapses onto and from the imaged integrator population, and inferred from ultrastructural properties of vesicles that these synapses were of the conventional rather than peptidergic variety. Finally, we report evidence for direct synaptic connectivity between integrator neurons. \par
\qj\sb240 \fi0 {\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32 Results\par
}\qj\sb120 \fi0 {\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32 Combined two-photon and electron microscopy of integrator neurons\par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 To identify integrator neurons we performed two-photon light microscopy (LM) imaging of the caudal hindbrain in a 6 dpf larval zebrafish following bolus loading of the calcium sensor Oregon Green BAPTA 1-AM. The functional imaging was restricted to one side where the loading was best and was performed on three planes that were ~{}8\'CE\'BCm apart during spontaneous eye movement. Calcium signals were correlated with eye position to identify integrator somata from the imaged planes (Fig. 1A) 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Miri_2011ft \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{30}}}
]. Neurons were identified as integrator neurons if saccade-triggered eye position following an ipsiversive saccade (Fig. 1A, b arrow) was correlated with saccade-triggered average fluorescence (Fig. 1A, c first column) (Pearson coefficient {{{\i r}>0.6}}). The integration time constants or the level of persistence was quantified as the time constant of an exponential fit to the firing rate profile determined from a deconvolution of the fluorescence data (Fig. 1A, c, dotted line, STAR Methods). This resulted in the identification of 22 integrator neurons with graded levels of persistence (Fig. S1 A, B, C). \par
\qj\fi300 Following functional identification of integrator neurons, the tissue was fixed, stained, sectioned for serial electron microscopy and imaged at a final resolution of 5x5x45 nm (RC, ML, DV). These images were montaged and aligned to create a 3D electron microscopy volume (EM) (Fig. 1B and Methods). The resulting EM volume extended ventrally from the Mauthner cell axon plane by {{{\f9\'7e}60}}\'CE\'BCm, caudally from the border of rhombomere 5/6 by {{{\f9\'7e}200}}\'CE\'BCm and laterally from the midline by {{{\f9\'7e}100}}\'CE\'BCm. The LM and EM volumes were registered to each other by an affine transform, producing correspondence of labeled neurons and blood vessels (Fig. 1C, Fig. S1 D, Methods). The somata of all 22 integrator neurons from the LM volume were located in the EM volume, distributed throughout the caudal hindbrain and along the border between rhombomeres 6 and 7 (Fig. 1D, colored by time constants). \par
\qj\sb120 \fi0 {\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32 Stripe shaped patterning of somata in the hindbrain\par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 Cell bodies in the hindbrain of the larval zebrafish follow a stereotypic stripe-like pattern of alternating cell bodies and neuropil. Cells within the same stripe typically share the same neurotransmitter identity, and morphology 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Higashijima_2004cn \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{31}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Kinkhabwala_2011eta \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{32}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Koyama_2011kl \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{33}}}
]. To extract this stripe-like organization, we projected the locations of all cell somata (Fig. 1D, \rquote o\rquote  symbol) from the high-resolution imaged area onto a single plane. The high-resolution EM volume contained a total of 2967 somata spread over rhombomeres 5 through 8 (Fig. 1D). The volume also contained well-known landmarks like the Mauthner neuron 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Lee_1993ip \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{34}}}
], the axon of the contralateral Mauthner neuron, neurons MiD2 and MiD3 of the reticulo-spinal network 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Lee_1993ip \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{34}}}
], and a number of commissural bundles (Fig. 1D). This procedure revealed an alternating pattern of cell somata and neuropil. We were able to locate 3 peaks of cell somata, excluding a peak that corresponds to neurons at the midline, each corresponding to a likely stripe (Fig. 1D, bottom panel, S1-3). The three stripes were labeled based on their proximity to the midline, as medial (S1), intermediate (S2) and lateral stripe (S3) respectively. {\cf1 The medial most stripe S1 aligns with a group of neurons that express the}{\cf1 {\i alx}}{\cf1 {} transcription factor and are predominantly glutamatergic 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Kimura_2006hd \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{35}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Kinkhabwala_2011eta \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{32}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Lee_2015dv \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{29}}}
].}The intermediate stripe S2 corresponds to neurons known to express the transcription factor {\i dbx1b }
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Kinkhabwala_2011eta \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{32}}}
]{\i .} At the ventral locations explored here, integrator neurons in this stripe are almost exclusively GABAergic, while a small minority express glutamate
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Lee_2015dv \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{29}}}
] ({\cf1 more dorsally, this stripe is medially abutted by cells that express the}{\cf1 {\i engrailed-1}}{\cf1 {} transcription factor which expresses glycine 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Kimura_2006hd \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{35}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Kinkhabwala_2011eta \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{32}}}
]).} The lateral most peak S3 of neurons corresponds with the expression of the {\i barhl }transcription factor, which is also thought to be glutamatergic 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_colombo_zebrafish_2006 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{36}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Kinkhabwala_2011eta \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{32}}}
].\par
\qj\sb120 \fi0 {\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32 Anatomical properties of integrator neurons\par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 After the identification of the integrator neurons in the EM volume, we reconstructed all 22 integrator neurons and annotated the pre- and postsynaptic locations for these neurons (STAR Methods). We first describe some of the anatomical properties that were common to all integrator neurons. \par
\qj\sb120 \fi0 {\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs24 Somata\par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 The somatic locations of the 22 integrator neurons were distributed over ~{}23\'CE\'BCm in the dorsoventral axis and along the entire rostrocaudal extent of the imaged volume. The somata of integrator neurons associated with S1 were located very close to the midline and close the rostral edge of the imaged volume, close to the border between rhombomeres 6 and 7. Somata associated with S2 were distributed along the entire rostro-caudal extent of the imaged volume. Finally, somata associated with S3 were located at the lateral end of the volume in rhombomere 8. The diameters of the integrator neurons were normally distributed, with a mean of {{4.5{\f9\'b1}0.6}}\'CE\'BCm (mean \'b1{} standard deviation). In general, the size of the somata was proportional to the persistence level of the neurons, with larger neurons exhibiting higher degree of persistence (Fig. S1 B (right), {{{\i r}=0.4}}, {{{\i p}}}= 0.059). On average {{3.3{\f9\'b1}1.5}} neurites emerged from the somata, and traveled ventrally. \par
\qj\sb120 \fi0 {\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs24 Synapses\par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 We annotated 320 presynaptic (green circles, Fig. 2) and 2195 postsynaptic sites (red circles, Fig. 2) on the 22 integrator neurons. Synapses were identified by the presence of a presynaptic vesicle pool and adjacent synaptic density. The synaptic density was mainly confined to the cleft. It extended into the intracellular space diffusely on the presynaptic side, and very little on the postsynaptic side (Fig. S2 E). Synapses from or onto integrator neurons contained small vesicles, presumably containing a conventional neurotransmitter. Elsewhere in the volume we did identify synapses with dense core vesicles, presumably containing a peptide neurotransmitter (Fig. S2 A). The conventional distinction between {\i symmetric} and {\i asymmetric }synapses did not seem relevant. Symmetric synapses are associated with many flat vesicles, but flat vesicles were uncommon at all synapses in our dataset. Asymmetric synapses exhibit a strong postsynaptic density, which was not observed here (Fig. S2 E). {\par
\qj\sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab Integrator presynaptic sites \par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 The presynaptic site was generally at a varicosity in the axon with vesicles throughout. A small, denser cluster of vesicles was typically observed immediately adjacent to the synaptic density. These features are consistent with the idea of a presynaptic active zone. The number of presynaptic sites on a neuron averaged {{57.6{\f9\'b1}45.3}}. This is an underestimate of the number of output synapses from an integrator neuron, because all axonal arbors were cut off by the borders of the volume. If statistics are restricted to the 3 longest neurons that were more complete than others, there were {{82{\f9\'b1}49.3}} presynaptic sites. {\par
\qj\sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab Integrator postsynaptic sites \par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 The number of postsynaptic sites on a neuron averaged {{99.7{\f9\'b1}72.4}}. This is a reasonable estimate of the number of input synapses to an integrator neuron, because most dendritic arbors were reconstructed in their entirety. {\par
\qj\sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab Cell Junctions \par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 Along the somatic membrane, a darkening of the membrane interrupted by small gaps was often observed (Fig. S2 B). The darkening persisted over multiple serial sections, suggesting that it was not an artifact of tissue preparation or imaging. These darkenings were visible between somata of integrator-integrator and integrator-non-integrator neurons. We speculate that these darkenings are some kind of cell junction. Due to limited image resolution, we cannot ascertain whether these are gap junctions, which are known to exist in the developing larval zebrafish hindbrain 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Jabeen_2013fm \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{37}}}
]. \par
\qj\sb120 \fi0 {\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs24 Dendrites\par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 Dendrites were defined by the absence of presynaptic vesicles and the presence of postsynaptic densities. They typically extended from somata in the ventral direction. Dendrites were smooth rather than spiny. Some dendrites exited the imaged volume, leading to incompletely reconstructed neurons. {\cf1 Neurons with small dendritic arbors were completely reconstructed and did not have any dendrites that exited the imaged volume.}\par
\qj\sb120 \fi0 {\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs24 Axons\par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 Neurites with presynaptic vesicles were identified as axons. Regions of transition, from dendrite to axon, we termed axon initiation sites. Example axon initiation sites are indicated in Fig. 2, showing the dendrite (neurite with red postsynaptic sites) turning into axons at the axon initiation (open arrow). The main trunk of the axon extended rostrally and ventrally (Fig. 2A, B). From the main trunk emerged mediolateral branches, which we will term collaterals (the number of collaterals we observed were similar to numbers with light microscopy, unpublished) . \par
\qj\fi300 We observed sheaths around some axonal segments. In some locations, we saw that the sheath wrapped around the axon a few times, loosely enough that cytoplasmic space was visible (Fig. 2A, EM panel). This fit the description of loose myelin 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Caley_1974fk \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{38}}}
], which differs from the more electron-dense compact myelin (elsewhere in the volume, data not shown). The axon of the neuron in Fig. 2A was intermittently loosely myelinated along its rostrocaudal section. Mediolateral collaterals emerged from the gaps in loose myelin, and remained unmyelinated. Such loose myelin sheaths have been previously reported in goldfish 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Rosenbluth_1961gl \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{39}}}
]. \par
\qj\fi300 For 10/22 (45%) integrator neurons, neurites that cross the midline were identified as putative axons using several criteria. First, the putative axons were devoid of any postsynaptic sites on the ipsilateral side (Fig. 2B, D open arrow to end, no synapses). Second, before crossing the midline, the putative axon became engulfed by processes that appeared glial in nature (Fig. 2C, D, EM inset, label G). The glial engulfment is consistent with the idea of \ldblquote glial bridges\rdblquote  that are instrumental in the guidance of axons during development 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Barresi_2005iw \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{40}}}
]. Third, these putative axons were thinner than the remaining neurites of the neuron. The diameter of these putative axons were smaller to the other neurites and were similar to the diameters of conventional axons (Fig. 3F). The mean axonal diameter was less than the mean dendrite diameter, conforming to the textbook notion that axons are thinner than dendrites. Putative axons could not be conclusively identified as axons because their presynaptic sites were presumably on the contralateral side of the brain, which was not included in the imaged volume.\par
\qj\sb120 \fi0 {\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs24 Small protuberances\par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 A small fraction (~{}4% or 91/2195) of the postsynaptic sites were located on finger-like projections from dendrites that were enveloped by invaginations of axonal boutons (Fig. 2B, EM panel 2). These projections resemble structures found across multiple species called {\i spinules}, and are thought to be present on large, active synapses 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Petralia_2015ge \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{41}}}
]\par
\qj\fi300 We also observed a primary cilium on all 22 integrator neurons. Primary cilium are known to be present in most, if not all mammalian cells, including neurons, and are though to be important for normal development 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_GuemezGamboa_2014fp \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{42}}}
]. The average cilium was typically {{{\f9\'7e}4}}\'CE\'BCm , is enriched with microtubules, and emerges from the neuron somata very close to the Golgi complex. In some cases, this primary cilium terminated inside processes that appeared glial (Sup. Fig. 2C). There was no strong orientation preference in cilia distribution (Sup. Fig. 2D).\par
\qj\sb120 \fi0 {\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32 Axonal projection patterns of integrator neurons\par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 The reconstructed integrator neurons were then divided into three groups based on the spatial projection patterns of the axons that were identified. Below we have detailed the properties of integrator neurons from each of these groups. \par
{\i \qj\fi300 {Ipsilateral projection only (\ldblquote ipsi-only\rdblquote ) }}- Six neurons located at the rostral edge of the volume, were observed to have only ipsilaterally projecting axons (Fig. 3A). Two representatives are shown in Figs. 2A and B. The axons were clearly identified by the presence of {\i en passant} boutons with presynaptic vesicles. The somata were located at the rostral extent of the volume, close to the midline (Fig. 3A, Ipsi. only). The axons were oriented along the rostro-caudal (RC) axis with the rostral end more ventral as compared to the caudal end. The average length of axons was {{{\f9\'7e}260}}\'CE\'BCm (see also, Table S1) with the longest reconstructed axon being {{463}}\'CE\'BCm. Axons at the rostral extreme of the volume appeared to overlap with the expected location of the abducens motor nucleus (based on its known position within rhombomere r5, 6 Fig. S3 A ), with terminations in r4 as well. Two of the six axons had projections that terminate near the site of the abducens motor nuclei and project further rostrally (Fig. S3 B). None of the axons were observed emerging directly from the somata. Instead, dendrites bearing postsynaptic sites turned into axons with presynaptic sites, with the axon initiation site was on average located {{{\f9\'7e}99}}\'CE\'BCm from the somata. Finally, all but one of the somatas were located medial to stripe S1. \par
\qj\fi300 Neurons in this group had large dendritic arbors, with the dendrites arborizing over 22.5% of the total imaged volume (Fig. S4 A, B, C). The dendrites emerged laterally from somata and always extended ventrally. Only in one case the dendrites were observed to cross the midline, as indicated by the presence of postsynaptic sites confirming it as a dendrite (Fig. 3A, Ipsi. only, arrowheads). The average diameter of dendrites was significantly larger as compared to the diameter of the axons (Fig. 3F, p < 2x10{\up6\fs16 -3} , {{{\i t}}}-test).\par
{\i \qj\fi300 {Contralateral projection only (\ldblquote contra-only\rdblquote )}} - Nine neurons distributed over the full rostro-caudal extent, with the majority located at the caudal end of the imaged volume contained exclusively contralaterally projecting putative axons (Fig. 3A, Contra only). Like the axons in the ipsi-only group, the putative contralateral axons did not emerge as axons, but started as a neurite with postsynaptic sites, that became axonal. However, unlike the ipsi-only group, the axon initiation site was much closer to the somata. On average, the axon initiation site was located {{{\f9\'7e}22}}\'CE\'BCm from the somata, which is significantly shorter than the axon initiation site for the ipsi-only group ({{{\i p}<0.0003,}} {\i t}-test). The somata of these neurons were located close to stripe S2.\par
\qj\fi300 The average dendritic length was {{{\f9\'7e}290}}\'CE\'BCm (see also, Table S1), and the dendritic arbors of these neurons arborized over 8% of the total volume (Fig. S4 A, B, C). This was significantly smaller than the dendritic arbors of ipsi-only group ({{{\i p}<0.01}}, {\i t}-test). The average diameter of dendrites significantly larger than the diameter of the axons (Fig. 3F, p < 2x10{\up6\fs16 -6}, {\i t}-test). The diameter of dendrites of the contra-only neurons was significantly smaller to the ipsi-only group (Fig. 3F, {{{\i p}<0.005,}} {\i t}-test). \par
{\i \qj\fi300 {Projection unknown (\ldblquote unknown\rdblquote )}} - Seven neurons were located at the lateral most extent of the animal. For these neurons we did not find any neurites with presynaptic sites nor could we locate a putative axon (Fig. 3A, Unknown). We believe this is most likely because these neurons were not fully represented in the imaged volume and neurites of these neurons exit the volume before the axon was located. The average length of the dendrites for neurons from this group was {{{\f9\'7e}220}}\'CE\'BCm (see also, Table S1), and they occupied on average ~{}4.9% of the total volume (Fig. S4 A, B, C). \par
\qj\fi300 Finally one neuron had axons with both ipsilateral and contralateral projections (Sup. Fig. 4D). This integrator neurons was located more lateral to the neurons from {\i ipsi-only group.} The ipsilaterally projecting axon resembled the axons of the ipsi-only group of neurons (Fig. 3A), with similar tilt in the rostro-caudal axis. This neuron contained a neurite that crossed the midline. We infer that this neurite is a putative contralaterally projecting axon based on the same cues that we use to identify other putative axons.\par
\qj\sb120 \fi0 {\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32 Organization of integrator neuron synapses\par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 Neurons from these three groups had on average, 170, 84 and 40 postsynaptic (inputs) sites on their dendrites respectively (Fig. 3B, red). The axons from the ipsi-only groups had approximately 58 presynaptic (output) sites (Fig. 3B, green). The pathlength of each synaptic location from the somata revealed that the distribution of the postsynaptic sites along the dendrites among the Ipsi-only group was significantly different compared to the the contra-only and the unknown groups respectively (Fig. 3D, p = 7.2x10{\up6\fs16 -13}, p = 1.2x10{\up6\fs16 -10} KS test).\par
\qj\fi300 We further computed the synaptic density, the number of synapses per unit length for all neurons, with the assumption that the synapses within each group were uniformly distributed along dendrites. The uniformity assumption was made because the distributions of the locations of postsynapses was found to closely match the location of dendritic arbors (Fig. S4 E). We found the there were {{{\f9\'7e}1.5{\f9\'b4}}} more input synapses on the ipsi-only group of neurons, as compared to the inputs on the contra-only group of neurons (ipsi-only group median number {{0.42}} inputs per micron, contra-only group {{0.26}} input per micron, Fig. 3C, {{{\i p}=0.049,}} Wilcoxon-rank test). Empirically the average intersynaptic distance for the ipsi-only, contra-only and unknown groups of neurons are {{1{\f9\'b1}2.3}}\'CE\'BCm and {{1.2{\f9\'b1}1.6}}\'CE\'BCm and {{2.6{\f9\'b1}4.5}}\'CE\'BCm with significantly different medians (Fig. 3E, p = 1.2x10{\up6\fs16 -10}, p = 1.1x10{\up6\fs16 -18}, p = 5.2x10{\up6\fs16 -10}, Wilcoxon-rank test). \par
\qj\sb120 \fi0 {\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32 Planar organization of synaptic locations\par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 The postsynaptic sites of the neurons from the ipsi-only and contra-only groups were observed to lie along orthogonal planes. The postsynaptic sites onto neurons from the ipsi-only group were noticed to lie roughly along a coronal plane with some tilt (Fig. 3A). Similarly, the postsynaptic sites onto neurons from the contra-only neurons were noticed to exhibit some planar organization as well. Fitting a plane through all the postsynaptic sites revealed that these planes were nearly orthogonal ({{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {82.4\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\f9\'b0}})}}}{\fldrslt }}}) to each other (Fig. 4A). \par
\qj\fi300 The dendritic arbors and postsynaptic sites of neurons in these two groups displayed an inversion in the stratification depths. The dendritic arbors of the ipsi-only neurons on average were most abundant at {{41.66{\f9\'b1}9.3}}\'CE\'BCm ventral to its somata (Fig. 4B, top - pink line). Whereas the contra-only group was maximal around {{21.1{\f9\'b1}6.9}}\'CE\'BCm ventral to its somata (Fig. 4B, bottom - orange line). The number of postsynaptic sites closely followed this inversion. Although relative to the bottom of the cranium, because many of the contra-only cells are more caudal and the brain is shallower, the depth profile may not be that different when viewed from a different origin.\par
\qj\fi300 Interestingly, when we overlaid the stripe patterns computed previously in Fig. 1D with the stratification profiles of thesynaptic sites along the medio-lateral axis, we found that the post and presynaptic sites of the ipsi-only group was located medial to stripe S1 and lateral to S2 , whereas the postsynaptic sites of the contra-only group were located very close the intermediate stripe S2. Similar organization was observed for the other group of neurons (Fig. S4 F).\par
\qj\sb120 \fi0 {\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32 Connectivity between integrator neurons\par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 We also examined the patterns of connectivity between integrator neurons. We found 6 synapses between integrator neurons. Two synapses made by one ipsi-only neuron onto another ipsi-only neuron, and 4 synapses onto three contra-only neurons (Fig. 4C). We found that there exists varying amounts of overlap of the axons of the ipsilaterally projecting neurons (Fig. S4 H) with the dendrites of all other neurons in the volume. Specifically, the overlap at ventro-rostral locations were from axons of ipsi-only neurons onto dendrites of other ipsi-only neurons (Fig. S4 H, Ipsi\'E2\'93>Ipsi). Whereas, the overlap at dorso-caudal locations were from axons of ipsi-only neurons onto dendrites of contra-only and unknown group of neurons (Fig. S4 H, Ipsi\'E2\'93>Contra, Ipsi->unknown). \par
\qj\sb240 \fi0 {\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32 Discussion\par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 We combined two-photon calcium imaging of neurons in the larval zebrafish that were encoding for a behavioral variable (eye-position) with serial section electron microscopy. This was done by registering the light microscopic volume to the electron microscopic volume to locate the same neurons. We were able to analyze in one animal 22 integrator neurons for which we had both functional and structural information. This procedure revealed the existence of distinct groups of neurons that make up the integrator circuit. This included an excitatory, ipsilaterally projecting group, an inhibitory, contralaterally projecting group and, a third, excitatory group with unknown projections. Finally we provide the first conclusive evidence for synapses between integrator neurons. \par
\qj\fi300 Of the 22 integrator neurons, six had exclusively ipsilaterally projecting axons. This population was most closely associated with the first somata stripe S1, which is thought to contain mostly excitatory, glutamatergic neurons 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Lee_2015dva \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{43}}}
]. The majority of synapses onto the dendrites of these neurons were along a plane approximately normal to the rostro-caudal (RC) axis, whereas the axonal boutons of these neurons were oriented along the RC axis. This is reflected in the approximately orthogonal organization of the pre and postsynaptic sites onto these neurons (Fig. S4 G). This suggests that these neurons are setup to sample broadly from axons that are oriented along the RC axis, including those from other integrator neurons. It has long been theorized that positive feedback via recurrent excitation could be a possible mechanism that can explain long persistent time scales of neuronal activity 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Seung_2000kl \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{26}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_fisher_modeling_2013 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{27}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Joshua_2013jg \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{44}}}
]. Indeed, we observed conclusive chemical synapses from one ipsilataterally projecting integrator neuron onto another ipsilaterally projecting integrator neuron. These facts point to the ipsi group of neurons as a candidate that could support positive feedback over recurrent excitation in the integrator circuit. \par
\qj\fi300 The second major group of neurons that we reconstructed were the nine contralaterally projecting neurons. The somatic locations of these neurons was most closely associated with the intermediate somal stripe S2, a grouping composed largely of GABAergic neurons at the dorso-ventral depth investigated here 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Lee_2015dva \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{43}}}
]. The dendrites of these neurons arborized over a smaller area, and stratified more dorsally as compared to the ipsilaterall projecting group of neurons. The postsynaptic inputs on the dendrites of these cells were along a plane that contained the RC axis. This suggests that these neurons sample narrowly from inputs along the RC axis. Inputs along the ML axis, however, would be sampled more broadly by these neurons. In the goldfish oculomotor integrator, contralaterally projecting neurons are thought to be involved in coordinating activity between the two sides, where each side acts as an independent integrator 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Aksay_2007cv \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{9}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_debowy_encoding_2011 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{45}}}
]. Although, we have not reconstructed the contralateral side of the axons, evidence from light microscopic images of contralaterally projecting neurons shows projections that terminate in the dendritic field of the opposing population of inhibitory integrator neurons 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Lee_2015dv \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{29}}}
]. \par
\qj\fi300 The majority of the remaining integrator neurons were located at the lateral edge of the animal corresponding to the lateral most stripe S3, where neurons are predominantly glutamatergic 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Kinkhabwala_2011eta \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{32}}}
]. Since these neurons are close to the edge of the imaged volume, in all cases, we were unable to trace many neurites from these cells; hence, the axonal projection pattern remains unknown. We also found one neuron, located along stripe 2, that had both an ipsilateral axon and contralaterally projecting putative axon. The potential role of these neurons remains unknown. \par
\qj\fi300 The ipsilaterally projecting and the contralaterally projecting neurons differ in a number of properties. They have significantly different dendritic morphologies, axonal projections, and distributions of postsynaptic sites along their dendrites. The ipsi-only group of neurons had approximately twice as many postsynaptic input sites as the contra-only only group. In both cases, initiation of the axons was from a neurite that contained postsynaptic sites that then gave rise to presynaptic sites. This feature could be important to influence the activity of neurons as these locations are proximal to the somata. For example inhibitory synapses at such locations could have a shunting effect on the postsynaptic neuron.{\cf1 {} The integration time constants of these neurons show graded levels of persistent activity. Time constants of contralaterally projecting neurons were significantly different from the unknown projecting neurons, with the unknown projecting neurons showing faster dynamics (Fig. S1 D).}\par
\qj\fi300 Our sample of 22 reconstructed integrator neurons is a fraction of the roughly 100 integrator neurons estimated to exist on one side of the larval zebrafish brain 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Aksay_2003un \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{46}}}
]. We observed 6 chemical synapses from two ipsilaterally projecting integrator neurons onto other integrator neurons. This observation may be an underestimate of integrator connectivity, for a few reasons. First, there are many neurons in the imaged volume that carried no usable fluorescence signal at all, largely because they did not take up enough calcium indicator. Some of these neurons are likely to be integrator neurons overlooked by our study, and are potential postsynaptic partners of the reconstructed neurons in our sample. Second, the imaged volume was limited in the dorso-ventral extent. Thus there were likely integrator neurons outside the imaged volume, and they could receive synapses from our reconstructed integrator neurons. Furthermore, only three axonal arbors were fully or mostly reconstructed; the rest appeared substantially cut off as their axons left the volume, this is also evidenced by the fact that only two of the six ipsilaterally projecting axons project to the abducens motor nuclei, contrary to dye fill experiments, where all ipsilateral axons project to the abducens. Third, we had no possibility of finding connections between neurons on opposite sides of the brain, because only one side of the brain was imaged. Therefore, it is difficult to know whether the two neurons that made synapses onto other integrator neurons are an exceptional case, or representative of a larger population that was incompletely sampled.\par
\qj\fi300 Here we presented ultrastructural anatomical details of different types of integrator neurons and evidence of synaptic connectivity between these neurons and present an approach that can be used to uncover general rules of connectivity and validate hypothesized theories of temporal integration. More definitive information about precise connectivity patterns between integrator neurons awaits a future experiment with an imaged volume that is large enough to encompass all integrator neurons, and a fluorescent calcium indicator that labels a higher percentage of integrator neurons. Nonetheless, our findings to date can already be used to guide models of temporal integration with constraints in the form, density, and geometry of interactions between integrator neurons.\par
\qj\sb240 \fi0 {\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32 Author contributions\par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 Conceptualization, Methodology, and Writing: A.V, E. A., and H.S.S. Formal Analysis: A.V. and H.S.S. Data Curation: A.V. Visualization: A.V. Investigation: K.D performed two-photon calcium imaging. A.V. acquired serial section EM images with assistance from J.W.L., and assembled the resulting image stack. K.D, A.R. registered the calcium images with the EM images. A.V. and E. A. reconstructed neurons with help from A.R. Funding Acquisition: E.A. and H.S.S. \par
\qj\sb240 \fi0 {\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32 Acknowledgments\par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 We are grateful to Juan Carlos Tapia, Richard Schalek and Ken Hayworth for assisting us with tissue preparation, the ATUM serial sectioning procedure, and the WaferMapper software for EM imaging. Stephan Saalfeld, Albert Cardona, and Ignacio Arganda-Carreras answered questions about the TrakEM2 plugin for FIJI/ImageJ. Uygar S\'C3\'BCmb\'C3\'BCl assisted with importing skeletons into MATLAB. We thank Jim Hudspeth for sharing reagents and tissue processing protocols, Heather Sullivan for tissue processing and optimization, Ashleigh Showler, Gurion Marks and Anjin Xianyu for assistance with reconstructions and alignment, and Melanie Lee for sharing light microscopic images of neurons. We benefited from helpful discussions with Jim Hudspeth, David Tank and Kanaka Rajan. KD acknowledges the support of NIH Training grant EY007138-16. EA acknowledges funding from the Burroughs Wellcome Career Award at the Scientific Interface, the Searle Scholars program, the Simons Collaboration on the Global Brain, NSF CRCNS grant 1208088, and NIH grant R01027036. HSS acknowledges funding from the Mathers Foundation, Gatsby Foundation, Human Frontier Science Program, NIH/NINDS award 5R01NS076467, and ARO MURI award W911NF-12-1-0594.\par
\column \qj\fi300 {}\par
{\qj\sb120 \fi0 {\plain\b\fs32 References}\par
\qj\sb60 \li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Briggman_2011ct}1{\*\bkmkend BIB_Briggman_2011ct}]\tab Briggman, K.L., Helmstaedter, M., and Denk, W. (2011). {Wiring specificity in the direction-selectivity circuit of the retina}. Nature {\i 471}, 183\endash 188.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Bock_2011fk}2{\*\bkmkend BIB_Bock_2011fk}]\tab Bock, D.D., Lee, W.C.A., Kerlin, A.M., Andermann, M.L., Hood, G., Wetzel, A.W., Yurgenson, S., Soucy, E.R., Kim, H.S., and Reid, R.C. (2011). {Network anatomy and in vivo physiology of visual cortical neurons.} Nature {\i 471}, 177\endash 182.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Lee_2016ti}3{\*\bkmkend BIB_Lee_2016ti}]\tab Lee, W., Bonin, V., Reed, M., Graham, B.J., and Hood, G. (2016). {Anatomy and function of an excitatory network in the visual cortex}. Nature {\i 532}.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Major_2004dk}4{\*\bkmkend BIB_Major_2004dk}]\tab Major, G. and Tank, D. (2004). {Persistent neural activity: prevalence and mechanisms}. Current Opinion in Neurobiology {\i 14}, 675\endash 684.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Joshua_2015kx}5{\*\bkmkend BIB_Joshua_2015kx}]\tab Joshua, M. and Lisberger, S.G. (2015). {A tale of two species: Neural integration in zebrafish and monkeys}. NEUROSCIENCE {\i 296}, 80\endash 91.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Friedrich_2010hj}6{\*\bkmkend BIB_Friedrich_2010hj}]\tab Friedrich, R.W., Jacobson, G.A., and Zhu, P. (2010). {Circuit Neuroscience in Zebrafish}. Current Biology {\i 20}, R371\endash R381.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Cannon_1987gp}7{\*\bkmkend BIB_Cannon_1987gp}]\tab Cannon, S.C. and Robinson, D.A. (1987). {Loss of the neural integrator of the oculomotor system from brain stem lesions in monkey}. Journal of Neurophysiology {\i 57}, 1383\endash 1409.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Cheron_1987cm}8{\*\bkmkend BIB_Cheron_1987cm}]\tab Ch{\'e9}ron, G. and Godaux, E. (1987). {Disabling of the oculomotor neural integrator by kainic acid injections in the prepositus-vestibular complex of the cat.} The Journal of physiology {\i 394}, 267\endash 290.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Aksay_2007cv}9{\*\bkmkend BIB_Aksay_2007cv}]\tab Aksay, E., Olasagasti, I., Mensh, B.D., Baker, R., Goldman, M.S., and Tank, D.W. (2007). {Functional dissection of circuitry in a neural integrator}. Nature Neuroscience {\i 10}, 494\endash 504.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Baker_1977tq}10{\*\bkmkend BIB_Baker_1977tq}]\tab Baker, R., Berthoz, A., and Delgado-Garcia, J. (1977). {Monosynaptic excitation of trochlear motoneurons following electrical stimulation of the prepositus hypoglossi nucleus.} Brain research {\i 121}, 157\endash 161.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Baker_1977wt}11{\*\bkmkend BIB_Baker_1977wt}]\tab Baker, R., Delgado-Garcia, J., and Alley, K. (1977). {Morphological and physiological demonstration that prepositus hypoglossi neurons terminate on medial rectus motoneurons} (Proc Int Union Physiol Sci).\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_McCrea_1979epa}12{\*\bkmkend BIB_McCrea_1979epa}]\tab McCrea, R.A., Baker, R., and Delgado-Garcia, J. (1979). {Afferent and efferent organization of the prepositus hypoglossi nucleus.} Progress in brain research {\i 50}, 653\endash 665.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Kaneko_1999vi}13{\*\bkmkend BIB_Kaneko_1999vi}]\tab Kaneko, C.R. (1999). {Eye movement deficits following ibotenic acid lesions of the nucleus prepositus hypoglossi in monkeys II. Pursuit, vestibular, and optokinetic responses.} Journal of Neurophysiology {\i 81}, 668\endash 681.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_McFarland_1992tm}14{\*\bkmkend BIB_McFarland_1992tm}]\tab McFarland, J.L. and Fuchs, A.F. (1992). {Discharge patterns in nucleus prepositus hypoglossi and adjacent medial vestibular nucleus during horizontal eye movement in behaving macaques.} Journal of Neurophysiology {\i 68}, 319\endash 332.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Pastor_1994tx}15{\*\bkmkend BIB_Pastor_1994tx}]\tab Pastor, A.M., De\~la Cruz, R.R., and Baker, R. (1994). {Eye position and eye velocity integrators reside in separate brainstem nuclei.} Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences {\i 91}, 807\endash 811.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Aksay_2000cn}16{\*\bkmkend BIB_Aksay_2000cn}]\tab Aksay, E., Baker, R., Seung, H.S., and Tank, D.W. (2000). {Anatomy and Discharge Properties of Pre-Motor Neurons in the Goldfish Medulla That Have Eye-Position Signals During Fixations}. Journal of Neurophysiology {\i 84}, 1035\endash 1049.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Aksay_2001fx}17{\*\bkmkend BIB_Aksay_2001fx}]\tab Aksay, E., Gamkrelidze, G., Seung, H.S., Baker, R., and Tank, D.W. (2001). {In vivo intracellular recording and perturbation of persistent activity in a neural integrator.} Nature Neuroscience {\i 4}, 184\endash 193.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_vanAlphen_2001vc}18{\*\bkmkend BIB_vanAlphen_2001vc}]\tab van Alphen, A.M., Stahl, J.S., and De\~Zeeuw, C.I. (2001). {The dynamic characteristics of the mouse horizontal vestibulo-ocular and optokinetic response.} Brain research {\i 890}, 296\endash 305.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Robinson_1989wt}19{\*\bkmkend BIB_Robinson_1989wt}]\tab Robinson, D.A. (1989). {Integrating with neurons}. Annual review of neuroscience {\i 12}.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_robinson_oculomotor_1970}20{\*\bkmkend BIB_robinson_oculomotor_1970}]\tab Robinson, D.A. (1970). {Oculomotor unit behavior in the monkey.} Journal of Neurophysiology {\i 33}, 393\endash 403.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Leigh_2015ts}21{\*\bkmkend BIB_Leigh_2015ts}]\tab Leigh, R.J. and Zee, D.S. (2015). {The Neurology of Eye Movements} (Oxford University Press, USA).\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_McCrea_1985hx}22{\*\bkmkend BIB_McCrea_1985hx}]\tab McCrea, R.A. and Baker, R. (1985). {Cytology and intrinsic organization of the perihypoglossal nuclei in the cat.} The Journal of comparative neurology {\i 237}, 360\endash 376.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Steiger_1979ev}23{\*\bkmkend BIB_Steiger_1979ev}]\tab Steiger, H.J. and B{\'fc}ttner-Ennever, J.A. (1979). {Oculomotor nucleus afferents in the monkey demonstrated with horseradish peroxidase}. Brain research {\i 160}, 1\endash 15.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Kamath_1976jm}24{\*\bkmkend BIB_Kamath_1976jm}]\tab Kamath, B.Y. and Keller, E.L. (1976). {A neurological integrator for the oculomotor control system}. Mathematical Biosciences {\i 30}, 341\endash 352.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_seung_how_1996}25{\*\bkmkend BIB_seung_how_1996}]\tab Seung, H.S. (1996). {How the brain keeps the eyes still}. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA {\i 93}, 13339\endash 13344.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Seung_2000kl}26{\*\bkmkend BIB_Seung_2000kl}]\tab Seung, H.S., Lee, D.D., Reis, B.Y., and Tank, D.W. (2000). {Stability of the Memory of Eye Position in a Recurrent Network of Conductance-Based Model Neurons}. Neuron {\i 26}, 259\endash 271.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_fisher_modeling_2013}27{\*\bkmkend BIB_fisher_modeling_2013}]\tab Fisher, D., Olasagasti, I., Tank, D.W., Aksay, E.R.F., and Goldman, M.S. (2013). {A modeling framework for deriving the structural and functional architecture of a short-term memory microcircuit}. Neuron {\i 79}, 987\endash 1000.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_goncalves_optogenetic_2014}28{\*\bkmkend BIB_goncalves_optogenetic_2014}]\tab Gon{\'e7}alves, P.J., Arrenberg, A.B., Hablitzel, B., Baier, H., and Machens, C.K. (2014). {Optogenetic perturbations reveal the dynamics of an oculomotor integrator}. Frontiers in Neural Circuits {\i 8}.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Lee_2015dv}29{\*\bkmkend BIB_Lee_2015dv}]\tab Lee, M.M., Arrenberg, A.B., and Aksay, E.R.F. (2015). {A Structural and Genotypic Scaffold Underlying Temporal Integration}. The journal of neuroscience {\i 35}, 7903\endash 7920.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Miri_2011ft}30{\*\bkmkend BIB_Miri_2011ft}]\tab Miri, A., Daie, K., Burdine, R.D., Aksay, E., and Tank, D.W. (2011). {Regression-Based Identification of Behavior-Encoding Neurons During Large-Scale Optical Imaging of Neural Activity at Cellular Resolution}. Journal of Neurophysiology {\i 105}, 964\endash 980.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Higashijima_2004cn}31{\*\bkmkend BIB_Higashijima_2004cn}]\tab Higashijima, S.I., Mandel, G., and Fetcho, J.R. (2004). {Distribution of prospective glutamatergic, glycinergic, and GABAergic neurons in embryonic and larval zebrafish.} The Journal of comparative neurology {\i 480}, 1\endash 18.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Kinkhabwala_2011eta}32{\*\bkmkend BIB_Kinkhabwala_2011eta}]\tab Kinkhabwala, A., Riley, M., Koyama, M., Monen, J., Satou, C., Kimura, Y., Higashijima, S.I., and Fetcho, J. (2011). {A structural and functional ground plan for neurons in the hindbrain of zebrafish.} Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America {\i 108}, 1164\endash 1169.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Koyama_2011kl}33{\*\bkmkend BIB_Koyama_2011kl}]\tab Koyama, M., Kinkhabwala, A., Satou, C., Higashijima, S.I., and Fetcho, J. (2011). {Mapping a sensory-motor network onto a structural and functional ground plan in the hindbrain.} Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America {\i 108}, 1170\endash 1175.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Lee_1993ip}34{\*\bkmkend BIB_Lee_1993ip}]\tab Lee, R.K., Eaton, R.C., and Zottoli, S.j. (1993). {Segmental arrangement of reticulospinal neurons in the goldfish hindbrain.} The Journal of comparative neurology {\i 329}, 539\endash 556.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Kimura_2006hd}35{\*\bkmkend BIB_Kimura_2006hd}]\tab Kimura, Y., Okamura, Y., and Higashijima, S.I. (2006). {alx, a zebrafish homolog of Chx10, marks ipsilateral descending excitatory interneurons that participate in the regulation of spinal locomotor circuits.} The Journal of neuroscience : the official journal of the Society for Neuroscience {\i 26}, 5684\endash 5697.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_colombo_zebrafish_2006}36{\*\bkmkend BIB_colombo_zebrafish_2006}]\tab Colombo, A., Reig, G., Mione, M., and Concha, M.L. (2006). {Zebrafish BarH-like genes define discrete neural domains in the early embryo}. Gene Expression Patterns {\i 6}, 347\endash 352.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Jabeen_2013fm}37{\*\bkmkend BIB_Jabeen_2013fm}]\tab Jabeen, S. and Thirumalai, V. (2013). {Distribution of the gap junction protein connexin 35 in the central nervous system of developing zebrafish larvae.} Frontiers in Neural Circuits {\i 7}, 91.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Caley_1974fk}38{\*\bkmkend BIB_Caley_1974fk}]\tab Caley, D.W. and Butler, A.B. (1974). {Formation of central and peripheral myelin sheaths in the rat: an electron microscopic study.} The American journal of anatomy {\i 140}, 339\endash 347.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Rosenbluth_1961gl}39{\*\bkmkend BIB_Rosenbluth_1961gl}]\tab Rosenbluth, J. and Palay, S.L. (1961). {The fine structure of nerve cell bodies and their myelin sheaths in the eighth nerve ganglion of the goldfish}. The Journal of Biophysical and Biochemical Cytology {\i 9}.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Barresi_2005iw}40{\*\bkmkend BIB_Barresi_2005iw}]\tab Barresi, M.J.F., Hutson, L.D., Chien, C.B., and Karlstrom, R.O. (2005). {Hedgehog regulated Slit expression determines commissure and glial cell position in the zebrafish forebrain.} Development (Cambridge, England) {\i 132}, 3643\endash 3656.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Petralia_2015ge}41{\*\bkmkend BIB_Petralia_2015ge}]\tab Petralia, R.S., Wang, Y.X., Mattson, M.P., and Yao, P.J. (2015). {Structure, Distribution, and Function of Neuronal/Synaptic Spinules and Related Invaginating Projections}. NeuroMolecular Medicine {\i 17}, 211\endash 240.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_GuemezGamboa_2014fp}42{\*\bkmkend BIB_GuemezGamboa_2014fp}]\tab Guemez-Gamboa, A., Coufal, N.G., and Gleeson, J.G. (2014). {Primary cilia in the developing and mature brain.} Neuron {\i 82}, 511\endash 521.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Lee_2015dva}43{\*\bkmkend BIB_Lee_2015dva}]\tab Lee, M.M., Arrenberg, A.B., and Aksay, E.R.F. (2015). {A Structural and Genotypic Scaffold Underlying Temporal Integration}. Journal of Neuroscience {\i 35}, 7903\endash 7920.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Joshua_2013jg}44{\*\bkmkend BIB_Joshua_2013jg}]\tab Joshua, M., Medina, J.F., and Lisberger, S.G. (2013). {Diversity of Neural Responses in the Brainstem during Smooth Pursuit Eye Movements Constrains the Circuit Mechanisms of Neural Integration}. The journal of neuroscience {\i 33}, 6633\endash 6647.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_debowy_encoding_2011}45{\*\bkmkend BIB_debowy_encoding_2011}]\tab Debowy, O. and Baker, R. (2011). {Encoding of eye position in the goldfish horizontal oculomotor neural integrator.} Journal of Neurophysiology {\i 105}, 896\endash 909.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Aksay_2003un}46{\*\bkmkend BIB_Aksay_2003un}]\tab Aksay, E., Baker, R., Seung, H.S., and Tank, D.W. (2003). {Correlated discharge among cell pairs within the oculomotor horizontal velocity-to-position integrator.} The Journal of neuroscience : the official journal of the Society for Neuroscience {\i 23}, 10852\endash 10858.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Brustein_2003ef}47{\*\bkmkend BIB_Brustein_2003ef}]\tab Brustein, E., Marandi, N., Kovalchuk, Y., Drapeau, P., and Konnerth, A. (2003). {"In vivo" monitoring of neuronal network activity in zebrafish by two-photon Ca2+ imaging}. Pfl{\'fc}gers Archiv {\i 446}, 766\endash 773.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Smetters_1999jc}48{\*\bkmkend BIB_Smetters_1999jc}]\tab Smetters, D., Majewska, A., and Yuste, R. (1999). {Detecting action potentials in neuronal populations with calcium imaging.} Methods (San Diego, Calif.) {\i 18}, 215\endash 221.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Miri_2011ib}49{\*\bkmkend BIB_Miri_2011ib}]\tab Miri, A., Daie, K., Arrenberg, A.B., Baier, H., Aksay, E., and Tank, D.W. (2011). {Spatial gradients and multidimensional dynamics in a neural integrator circuit}. Nature Neuroscience {\i 14}, 1150\endash 1159.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Daie_2015fd}50{\*\bkmkend BIB_Daie_2015fd}]\tab Daie, K., Goldman, M.S., and Aksay, E.R.F. (2015). {Spatial patterns of persistent neural activity vary with the behavioral context of short-term memory.} Neuron {\i 85}, 847\endash 860.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Tapia_2012hs}51{\*\bkmkend BIB_Tapia_2012hs}]\tab Tapia, J.C., Kasthuri, N., Hayworth, K.J., Schalek, R., Lichtman, J.W., Smith, S.J., and Buchanan, J. (2012). {High-contrast en bloc staining of neuronal tissue for field emission scanning electron microscopy.} Nature Protocols {\i 7}, 193\endash 206.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_hayworth_imaging_2014}52{\*\bkmkend BIB_hayworth_imaging_2014}]\tab Hayworth, K.J., Morgan, J.L., Schalek, R., Berger, D.R., Hildebrand, D.G.C., and Lichtman, J.W. (2014). {Imaging ATUM ultrathin section libraries with WaferMapper: a multi-scale approach to EM reconstruction of neural circuits}. Frontiers in Neural Circuits {\i 8}, 68.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Kasthuri_2015kba}53{\*\bkmkend BIB_Kasthuri_2015kba}]\tab Kasthuri, N., Hayworth, K.J., Berger, D.R., Schalek, R.L., Conchello, J.A., Knowles-Barley, S., Lee, D., V{\'e1}zquez-Reina, A., Kaynig, V., Jones, T.R., et\~al. (2015). {Saturated Reconstruction of a Volume of Neocortex}. Cell {\i 162}, 648\endash 661.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Cardona_2012kf}54{\*\bkmkend BIB_Cardona_2012kf}]\tab Cardona, A., Saalfeld, S., Schindelin, J., Arganda-Carreras, I., Preibisch, S., Longair, M., Tomancak, P., Hartenstein, V., and Douglas, R.J. (2012). {TrakEM2 software for neural circuit reconstruction.} PLoS ONE {\i 7}, e38011.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Longair_2011hr}55{\*\bkmkend BIB_Longair_2011hr}]\tab Longair, M.H., Baker, D.A., and Armstrong, J.D. (2011). {Simple Neurite Tracer: open source software for reconstruction, visualization and analysis of neuronal processes}. Bioinformatics {\i 27}, 2453\endash 2454.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Ma_2014gb}56{\*\bkmkend BIB_Ma_2014gb}]\tab Ma, L.H., Grove, C.L., and Baker, R. (2014). {Development of oculomotor circuitry independent of hox3 genes.} Nature Communications {\i 5}, 4221.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Lister_1999tw}57{\*\bkmkend BIB_Lister_1999tw}]\tab Lister, J.A., Robertson, C.P., Lepage, T., Johnson, S.L., and Raible, D.W. (1999). {nacre encodes a zebrafish microphthalmia-related protein that regulates neural-crest-derived pigment cell fate.} Development (Cambridge, England) {\i 126}, 3757\endash 3767.\par
\qj\li900\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Sumbul_2014hs}58{\*\bkmkend BIB_Sumbul_2014hs}]\tab S{\'fc}mb{\'fc}l, U., Song, S., McCulloch, K., Becker, M., Lin, B., Sanes, J.R., Masland, R.H., and Seung, H.S. (2014). {A genetic and computational approach to structurally classify neuronal types.} Nature Communications {\i 5}, 3512.\par
}\page{} \qj\sb60 \fi300 {}\par
\qj\sb240 \fi0 {\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32 Figure legends\par
}{\b \qj\sb60 \fi0 Figure1: Functional and structural imaging of integrator neurons. }\par
(\qj\fi0 A) (a) Top - Larval zebrafish schematic showing the region where functional imaging was performed (black box) located in the hindbrain.\par
\qj\fi0 Bottom - A single imaging plane showing neurons loaded with calcium indicator OGB-1. Identified integrator neurons are show in colored circles. Colors reflect the level of persistence of the neuron. Scale bar = {{20}}\'CE\'BCm\par
(\qj\fi0 b) Spontaneous eye movement (top, blue line) showing saccades (sharp vertical lines) and post-saccadic fixations (horizontal lines). Ipsilateral saccades are indicated by black arrows. Colored traces below are the changes in fluorescence from individual neurons in (a). Colors represent the persistence level of the neuron. Since integrator neurons have eye position thresholds, not all cells (green) fire throughout the eye position range observed here.\par
(\qj\fi0 c) Normalized fluorescence and firing rate of neurons in (a). Thick line shows the average, with shaded region showing the SEM. Dotted line is the exponential fit to determine persistence time constant, represented as {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\plain log}\\s\\do5({\fs16 2}) \\b ({\f9 t})}}}{\fldrslt }}}.\par
(\qj\fi0 B) (Top) Serial-sections for electron microscopy were collected on a tape in an automated manner. (Bottom left) Overview image of single section. The region-of-interest that corresponding to the functionally imaged area was defined by black box for high-resolution imaging. (Bottom right) All such images were aligned to generate a 3D EM volume.\par
(\qj\fi0 C) Registration of light microscopic volume to electron microscopic volume is used to locate the neurons that were involved in the behavior. Red arrows indicate the same features in both LM and EM. Scale bar = {{20}}\'CE\'BCm \par
(\qj\fi0 D) An example EM plane showing anatomical landmarks, Mauthner neuron (black star), Mi2 (red stars), Mi3 (blue stars) and Ca (green stars). Anatomical locations of all identified integrator neurons (colored circles) and all remaining cell bodies in the imaged EM volume (\lquote {{{\f9\'b7}}}\rquote  symbol). Colors of the integrator neurons correspond to the persistence time of the neuron. Lower panel is a distribution of all neurons along the medio-lateral axis with integrator neurons overlaid. Dotted lines (cyan) are the identified somata stripes S 1-3.\par
{\b \qj\fi0 Figure2: Ultrastructural features of Integrator neurons. }\par
(\qj\fi0 A) Integrator neuron with ipsilaterally projecting axon (dark lines) with presynaptic (green circles) and dendrites (light lines) with postsynaptic (red circles) locations. Parts of the axon of this integrator neuron are loosely-myelinated. Insets shows axons with loose myelin (colored), arrows showing individual myelin sheaths. Open arrow head shows the location of axon initiation.\par
(\qj\fi0 B) Integrator neuron with ipsilateral projecting axon. Axon is studded with presynaptic sites that are clustered along neurite. Inset is a 3D reconstruction of axon termination zone with a large vesicle cloud (blue) with multiple post synaptic densities (yellow) opposed to the vesicles. Numbers correspond to EM insets showing the synapses. M - Mitochondria, V - Vesicles. Arrows show the synapses at those locations. \par
(\qj\fi0 C) Integrator neuron with contralateral projecting axon. Putative contralateral axon emerges from somata and is engulfed by glial before crossing the midline. (EM insets at numbered locations G - Glia, A - Axon) Open arrowhead shows the axon initiation site. \par
(\qj\fi0 D) Integrator neurons with only contralaterally projecting axon. Putative axon is engulfed by glia before crossing the midline.(EM insets at numbered locations G - Glia, A - Axon). Bottom EM panel shows primary cilium highlighted with yellow arrow. All the integrator somata in this volume give rise to a cilium, but it is shown for this neuron.\par
{\b \qj\fi0 Figure3: Integrator neuron projection patterns and synaptic distribution.}\par
(\qj\fi0 A) Colored panels show three views of reconstructed integrator neurons, grouped according to their axonal projection patterns. Left, 6 integrator neuron with ipsilateral projecting axons - ipsi-only group, pink background. Middle, 9 integrator neurons with midline crossing contralaterally projecting putative-axon \'E2\'93 contra-only, orange background. Right, 6, integrator neurons with unknown axonal projection \'E2\'93 unknown, blue background. Axons - dark line, dendrites - light lines, red circles - postsynaptic sites, green circles - presynaptic sites. \par
(\qj\fi0 B) Box plot of the number of synapses in each group (Ipsi-only, Contra-only and unknown, L to R). Black line is the median ({{{\i p}=0.004}}, Wilcoxn rank-sum test).\par
(\qj\fi0 C) Box plot of the Synaptic density for each group. Black lines are the medians.\par
(\qj\fi0 D) Normalized distribution of the synaptic pathlength. Red - postsynaptic sites, green - presynaptic sites. Black vertical lines, with adjoining numbers represent the means of the distribution.\par
(\qj\fi0 E) Box plots of the intersynaptic path length for all four groups. Open circles are outliers, not shown beyond {{10{\f9 m}{\i m}}}..\par
(\qj\fi0 F) Axonal and dendritic diameter of all neurons in each of the four groups. Grey dots are averages for each neuron and black dots are averages per group. A - Axon, D - Dendrite.\par
{\b \qj\fi0 Figure4: Integrator neurons organization and connectivity.}{}\par
(\qj\fi0 A) Planar organization of ipsi (pink) and contra (orange) projecting neurons postsynaptic sites. Grid represents the best fit plane through the cloud of points for each group.\par
(\qj\fi0 B) (Top) Stratification profile of all ipsi-only group of neurons. Two side views show the stratification of the dendrites, presynaptic and postsynaptic sites along the dorso-ventral and medio-lateral axis. Dotted line represent the location of the somatic peaks that was computed in Figure 1.\par
(\qj\fi0 Bottom) Stratification profile of all contra-only group of neurons. \par
(\qj\fi0 C) Three views of synaptically connected integrator neurons. Synapses from the ipsi-only group onto another neuron from ipsi-only group are in top left (black circles) and onto contra-only neurons are at bottom right. Black dots represent the location of the synapses, with insets showing the electron micrograph at two representative locations, colors in the inset are representative of the cells to which the synapses belong. \par
\column \qj\fi300 {}\par
\qj\sb240 \fi0 {\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32 Star Methods Text\par
}\qj\sb120 \fi0 {\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32 Contact for reagent and resource sharing\par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 For further information regarding the any resources and reagents please contact ashwinv@princeton.edu, sseung@princeton.edu\par
\qj\sb120 \fi0 {\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32 Experimental model and subject details\par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 All zebrafish larvae experimental procedures were approved by Weill Cornell Medical College\rquote s Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee. We used {\i nacre} mutant zebrafish larva, 6 days of age for all experiments.\par
\qj\sb120 \fi0 {\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32 Method details\par
}\qj\sb120 \fi0 {\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs24 Two-photon calcium imaging. \par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 A {\i nacre} mutant zebrafish larva, 6 days of age, was anesthetized in 100 mg/L tricaine-methanesulfonate (MS222, VWR TCT0941- 025G) for about 1 minute and then quickly mounted dorsal side up with droplets of 1.7% low temperature agarose (Sigma A0701-100G) on the lid of a 35mm petri dish containing a bed of hardened 1% agarose (Invitrogen 15510-027). The larva was then covered in 50 mg/L MS222. The larva was bulk-loaded 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Brustein_2003ef \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{47}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Smetters_1999jc \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{48}}}
] with calcium sensitive dye Oregon Green 488 BAPTA-1 AM (5 mM, in DMSO with 5% pluronic, Invitrogen, O-6807) by inserting a capillary through the dorsal skin surface over the lateral edge of the right side of the hindbrain just caudal to the cerebellum, at ~{}{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {30\\s\\up5({\fs16 0})}}}{\fldrslt }}} decline relative to the dorsal surface. Following recovery, hindbrain of the animal was imaged at 790nm on predefined planes at 1 Hz. The imaging was performed unilaterally on three pre-defined planes {{{\f9\'7e}8{\f9 m}{\i m}}} apart, below the level of the Mauthner neuron. \par
\qj\fi300 The integrator neurons were identified in a manner similar to a previously described method 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Miri_2011ib \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{49}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Daie_2015fd \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{50}}}
]. Briefly, correlations for every pixel over a 5 min acquisition period was determined for eye position and eye velocity. A region-of-Interest (ROI) was then drawn over the pixels where the majority were correlated to one of these variables. The fluorescence was reported as change in fluorescence for each frame relative to the average fluorescence, divided by the average. Saccadic fluorescence traces were displayed over an 8 sec window starting 1 sec before the end of the saccade. The firing rates were computed over a 6 second fixation period beginning 1 sec after the end of the saccade. The firing rates were computed by deconvolving the average fluorescent traces with a calcium impulse response function (CIRF) as described previously 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Miri_2011ft \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{30}}}
]. The integrator time constants were calculated by fitting an exponential function (Matlab {\i ezfit)} to to the firing rates{\i . }The time constants for the fits were capped at 100 sec.\par
\qj\sb120 \fi0 {\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs24 Serial section electron microscopy. \par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 The animal was immersed in a fixative mixture of 2% paraformaldehyde and 2.25% glutaraldehyde buffered in 65 mM cacodylate buffer. The skin over the hindbrain was removed for good ultrastructure preservation and homogeneous staining of the tissue. Then it was thoroughly washed in 0.1M cacodylate buffer with 4% sucrose before staining. The tissue was stained using a conventional ROTO procedure 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Tapia_2012hs \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{51}}}
]. Briefly, the specimen was stained in 1% reduced osmium tetroxide with potassium ferrocyanide for 2 hr on ice. The tissue was then washed 4x 30 min in 0.1M cacodylate buffer, also on ice. This was then followed by amplification in 1% sodium thiocarbohydroazide (TCH) for 15 min followed by 3x5 min washes in water and another round of incubation in 1% osmium tetroxide for 1 hr. The tissue was then washed 3x15 min in water and incubated with 1% aqueous uranyl acetate overnight. The following day the tissue was washed 3x15 min in water and incubated for 30 min in Lead aspartate solution, followed by washing and dehydration with a series of ethanol washes, followed by propylene oxide (PO) washes. The tissue was then infiltrated in decreasing gradients of PO and EPON for 24 hrs and baked for 48 hrs at 60 C. Following hardening, the tissue block face was coarsely trimmed and a rectangular mesa was defined for serial sectioning. Care was taken to orient the specimen to permit sectioning along the horizontal axis. Serial sections from the above animal were collected approximately from the level of the Mauthner axon at a thickness of 45 nm. The serial sections were then adhered to a silicon wafer, using double sided carbon tape (TEDpella), the wafers were coated with a thin film of carbon to make them conductive. The serial sections were collected using the automatic tape-collecting ultramicrotome (ATUM) 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_hayworth_imaging_2014 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{52}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Kasthuri_2015kba \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{53}}}
]. Each wafer was imaged in a Zeiss Sigma field emitting scanning electron microscope in the backscattered electron mode using a custom software interface to collected the images 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_hayworth_imaging_2014 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{52}}}
]. For the high-resolution each section was imaged at a lateral resolution of 5nm/pixel in a region of interest that roughly corresponded with the area imaged on the light microscopic. The EM volume we imaged contained 15791 image tiles ({{8000{\f9\'b4}8000}} pixels each) or {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\f9\'7e}10\\s\\up5({\fs16 11})}}}{\fldrslt }}} pixels. The imaged volume was {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {220{\f9\'b4}112{\f9\'b4}57{\fs6  }{\f9 m}{\i m}\\s\\up5({\fs16 3})}}}{\fldrslt }}} (RC X ML X DV). \par
\qj\sb120 \fi0 {\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs24 Registration of light microscope and electron microscope volumes\par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 The EM images were aligned using the TrakEM2 plugin in Fiji 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Cardona_2012kf \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{54}}}
]. Briefly, individual images were imported into the TrakEM2 framework and montaged using affine and elastic transforms. The images were then registered in z using a similar approach, where the first pass was performed using affine transforms, followed by elastic transforms. All the alignment was performed on a machine with 32 virtual cores and 120GB RAM.\par
\qj\fi300 To locate the cells that were involved in the integrator circuit, we first made use of the fact that gross morphological features including blood vessels and the mauthner axon were easily identified in both the LM and EM stacks. Once enough such features were identified in the LM stack, interpolated at EM step sizes, we located these same landmarks in the high-res EM stack. Each pair of landmarks (one from the LM volume and one from the EM volume) was then used to calculate a global affine transform that was applied to transform the LM volume to be overlaid on the EM volume using the TrakEM2 plugin in Fiji 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Cardona_2012kf \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{54}}}
]. Following this first round of registration, we then identified 7 cells at different locations throughout the volume that were easily identified in both data sets and performed a second round of alignment. \par
\qj\sb120 \fi0 {\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs24 Reconstructions\par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 The reconstruction of the identified neurons was performed using the TrakEM2 plugin in Fiji/ImageJ. One expert (AV) traced all neurons and annotated all pre- and postsynaptic sites. A second expert (EA) identified locations at which the skeletons looked unusual (sharp turns or closely spaced branch points). EA reviewed the images at all of these locations (typically a few per neuron), and reached consensus with AV.A few locations were judged ambiguous in the sense that image defects made it impossible to interpret the locations with certainty. At such ambiguous locations, we erred on the side of incomplete tracing.\par
\qj\fi300 A second round of tracing was then carried out using a semi-automated, volume based reconstruction method similar to the \lquote eyewire\rquote  platform (http://eyewire.org). This process involved semiautomatic reconstruction of neurons with two tracers (not the authors), where the second tracer was able to view the first tracers reconstructions. A third expert tracer (A.V) reviewed all sites where the first two tracers differed to provide consensus. The final trace included all those neurites where the majority agreed. This ensured that each cell was covered by at least 2 tracers. This semi-automated process revealed that the axon of one cell was previously under-reconstructed and another dendrite from a different cell was over-reconstructed. The remaining 20/22 cells remained the same between both methods. \par
\qj\fi300 Having real-time volume based tracing provides shape based context to tracers. This is useful to detect error. For example if a neurite is falsely merged it is often the case that its diameter is different as compared to the neurite being reconstructed. Similarly, at locations where the neurites are very thin, we can often reconstruct all the neurites abutting the neurite being traced to eliminate false positives, \par
\qj\fi300 Since the section thickness was 45nm, neurites that were parallel to the cutting plane were sometimes hard to follow during reconstruction. This typically leads to problems when tracing very thin neurites (typically axons) that can be hard to follow. In such instances is it useful to keep track of internal organelles and other cues such as contrast to eliminate ambiguous locations. After such techniques are applied, the end result is that every cell has at most one or two truly ambiguous locations. The ambiguity might be caused by a thin neurite parallel to the sectioning plane, or deteriorated ultrastructure (due to electroporation, poor fixation, or possibly developmental pruning of axons). In truly ambiguous locations, we err on the side of undertracing. \par
\qj\fi300 The skeletonized tree structure was exported from TrakEM2 as {*}.swc files. These trees were then imported into Matlab using custom scripts to import .swc files as trees. For the comparison of EM traces with LM traces, the LM traces were traced using the Simple Neurite Tracer 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Longair_2011hr \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{55}}}
] plugin in Fiji, and exported as {*}.swc file. In total, we reconstructed 9.29 mm of neurite (2.45 mm of axonal length and 6.84 mm of dendritic length). \par
\qj\sb120 \fi0 {\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32 Quantification and Statistical Analysis\par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 All tree lengths are reported as pathlengths unless noted otherwise. Similarly, all lengths to a pre- or postsynaptic site are reported as pathlengths. We defined the axon initiation site as the parent node of the first presynaptic site. All neurites that are not axonal are defined as dendritic. All nodes of the tree were thus divided as axonal nodes or dendritic nodes. Pathlengths were generated for a tree over all axonal nodes or all dendritic nodes, and the length of the tree was the sum of all axonal length and dendritic length. A {\i collateral} was defined as all those segments of an axon, that emerged from the central axonal shaft. All axonal nodes were divided into collateral and non-collateral nodes. The completeness of cells was decided based on the number of neurites that exited the cells, the fewer that exited, the more complete the cell,\par
\qj\fi300 The diameter of the axon and dendrites for each tree was generated by drawing a line segment along the cross-section at random locations along the tree. Many such line segments were drawn across the entire extent of the tree. The values are reported as a mean across all dendrites and axons. \par
\qj\fi300 Arbor densities of the dendrites was computed by projecting all the axonal or dendritic nodes along the desired plane and reported in a normalized scale. Arbor volumes were computed using the Matlab function {\i convhull}. To infer the neurotransmitter identity from the stripe organization of the cell bodies, we annotated the location of all the cell bodies from a low-resolution stack. The cell density was then computed by projecting all the cells along the desired axis. This process picked out the peaks that were visible in the EM images. The location of a stripe was defined as the local peak that emerged from the cell density projecting analysis. The planar organization of the postsynapses and presynapses were fit to a plane using the {\i planefit }function, available on the Matlab central repository. \par
\qj\fi300 To locate the border between r6 and r7 we followed a similar approach that was performed previous using light microscopic imaging and the expression of the {\i hox} genes 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Ma_2014gb \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{56}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Daie_2015fd \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{50}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Lee_2015dv \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{29}}}
]. Briefly reticulospinal cells were identified based on the ultrastructure, that was very different form the remaining cells in the area. These cells were rich in mitochondria and gave rise to a large myelinated axon that joined the medial longitudinal fasciculus. We fit a plane to the reticulospinal neurons, and identified a point on this plane that bisected Mi3 neuron located in r6 and Ca neuron located in r7. The tilt of this border from previous studies was observed to be {{0.37}} based on transgene expression patterns. This line that bisected the locations of Mi3 and Ca was moved {{0.37{\f9 m}{\i m}}} caudally for every micron ventrally based on 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Daie_2015fd \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{50}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Lee_2015dv \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{29}}}
]. The resulting line is where we differentiate the border of r6 and r7.\par
\qj\sb120 \fi0 {\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32 Data and Software availability\par
}\qj\sb60 \fi0 All reconstructed neuron traces will be uploaded to the {\f23 neuromorpho.org} repository for download. The traces can be imported and analyzed using the Matlab tool box for analysis, {\f23 treestoolbox.org}.\par
\qj\sb120 \fi0 {\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f16\b\fs32 Key Resources Table\par
}{\qj\sb60 \fi0 \par
\trowd\clbrdrl\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrdb\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx2300\clbrdrt\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrdb\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx4600\clbrdrt\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrdb\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx6900
\pard\intbl\qc {Reagent or Resources}\cell
\pard\intbl\qc {Source}\cell
\pard\intbl\qc {Identifier}\cell
\row
\trowd\clmgf\clbrdrl\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx2300\clmrg\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4600\clmrg\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx6900
\pard\intbl\qc {Experimental Model}\cell
\pard\intbl{}\cell
\pard\intbl{}\cell
\row
\trowd\clbrdrl\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx2300\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx4600\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx6900
\pard\intbl\qc {Zebrafish: nacre(mitfa)}\cell
\pard\intbl\qc {
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Lister_1999tw \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{57}}}
]}\cell
\pard\intbl\qc {ZIRC (https://zfin.org/ZDB-ALT-010919-2)}\cell
\row
\trowd\clmgf\clbrdrl\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx2300\clmrg\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4600\clmrg\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx6900
\pard\intbl\qc {Chemicals}\cell
\pard\intbl{}\cell
\pard\intbl{}\cell
\row
\trowd\clbrdrl\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx2300\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx4600\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx6900
\pard\intbl\qc {All EM reagents}\cell
\pard\intbl\qc {EMSdiasum}\cell
\pard\intbl\qc {N/A}\cell
\row
\trowd\clmgf\clbrdrl\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx2300\clmrg\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4600\clmrg\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx6900
\pard\intbl\qc {Software and algorithms}\cell
\pard\intbl{}\cell
\pard\intbl{}\cell
\row
\trowd\clbrdrl\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx2300\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx4600\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx6900
\pard\intbl\qc {Importing {*}.swc files}\cell
\pard\intbl\qc {
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Sumbul_2014hs \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{58}}}
]}\cell
\pard\intbl\qc {N/A}\cell
\row
\trowd\clbrdrl\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx2300\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx4600\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx6900
\pard\intbl\qc {TrakEM2}\cell
\pard\intbl\qc {
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Cardona_2012kf \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{54}}}
]}\cell
\pard\intbl\qc {N/A}\cell
\row
\trowd\clbrdrl\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx2300\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx4600\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx6900
\pard\intbl\qc {Integrator firing rates}\cell
\pard\intbl\qc {
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_Miri_2011ft \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{30}}}
]}\cell
\pard\intbl\qc {N/A}\cell
\row
\trowd\clbrdrl\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx2300\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx4600\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx6900
\pard\intbl\qc {WaferMapper}\cell
\pard\intbl\qc {
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_hayworth_imaging_2014 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{52}}}
]}\cell
\pard\intbl\qc {N/A}\cell
\row
} }\par
}
